annot: Finely chop a red shallot
ACTID: 0
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] a red shallot (-1)
annot: Add the shallots, sugar, fish sauce, oyster sauce, five spice powder, black pepper and oil to a bowl
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the shallots (0), sugar (-1), fish sauce (-1), oyster sauce (-1), five spice powder (-1), black pepper (-1), oil (-1)
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
annot: mix
ACTID: 2
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (1)
annot: Coat the pieces of pork in the marinade
ACTID: 3
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] the pieces of pork (-1)
[PP, location, in] the marinade (2)
annot: Thinly slice a cucumber and a carrot
ACTID: 4
PRED: slice
[DOBJ, food] a cucumber (-1), a carrot (-1)
annot: transfer the vegetables to a tray
ACTID: 5
PRED: transfer
[DOBJ, food] the vegetables (4)
[PP, location, to] a tray (-1)
annot: add sugar, vinegar, and salt
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] sugar (-1), vinegar (-1), salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: mix
ACTID: 7
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (6)
annot: Bake two loaves of bread in the oven
ACTID: 8
PRED: bake
[DOBJ, food] two loaves of bread (-1)
[PP, location, in] the oven (-1)
annot: Pour oil into a hot frying pan
ACTID: 9
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, into] a hot frying pan (-1)
annot: Place the pork
ACTID: 10
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the pork (3)
annot: Thinly slice the pieces of pork
ACTID: 11
PRED: slice
[DOBJ, food] the pieces of pork (10)
annot: Pour the remainder of the marinade in a pan
ACTID: 12
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the remainder of the marinade (2)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: add water
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (12)
annot: bring to a boil
ACTID: 14
PRED: bring
[DOBJ, food] (13)
[PP, other, to] a boil (-1)
annot: Spread some butter on one side of the bread
ACTID: 15
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] some butter (-1)
[PP, food, on] one side of the bread (8)
annot: Add the cucumbers, carrots, pork, and sauce, to the bread
ACTID: 16
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the cucumbers (7), carrots (7), pork (11), sauce (14)
[PP, food, to] the bread (15)